Updates:
1. the web based flashing dashboard has been delayed due to lack of need at the moment, and focus was spent mainly on the firmware.
2. the controller->elrs->esp32->actuator logic has been established and tested with led's, servos (both toggle and gradual) and also a buzzer.
3. configuration safety functions have been written so that faulty configurations involving flight sustaining channels lead to a buzzer alarming the user, so that the drone does not fly in such a condition.
4. there has been added a connection status indicator LED, which flashes blue-red when the elrs connection is down, and is a constant blue when the elrs connection is properly initalized.

tasks:
1. make the red connection error led flash without also the blue led flashing.
2. fix the code, make it clear, and split functions into folders.
3. work on modularity features, and establish the proper project requirements so that it is practically useful but also not too broad (refer back to the initial PCB design requirements). Mainly, since the proof of concept period has lead to broad general implementations of different methods, which have been great learning experiences however don't serve practical purpose for the project.
4. implement a basic binary flashing website for esp32
5. Research WHICH esp32 SOC to utilize for the project, as the DRC's esp32c3's are overkill. As a matter of fact, this project would benefit from an STM32 family microprocessor, but we will keep it ESP32 for the sake of keeping it ESP32.
6. start designing the PCB -> prototype -> deploy